Do you want to rebel?
Not bad, I'm worried
There is no handle to threaten you downstairs
Who knows?
The princess under the dragon actually delivered it to the door by herself
There is no way out
Hahahahaha
You've been planning this for a long time, haven't you?
That's right, since 20 years ago, you have been fighting on the lake
It is all to cultivate the power of my Wang family
Now the entire Resident General Square
It's full of my people
Everyone has to listen to me
What are you still doing?
Why don't you quickly surrender to the new master of Longxia?
See Longxia's new master, I, Wang Chongyang, have spent half my life
Finally completed the hegemony of the dead
There's still one person here who didn't kneel
Boy, don't you accept your fate?
You are not qualified to make me kneel
Daring to defy the will of the new head of state
Somebody take this man down
Can lure you out
I didn't come for nothing
Linze is like this, you're still pretending to be garlic here
You are really not afraid of death
I think he's just pretending to be calm
In fact, I was so scared that I peed my pants long ago
Hahaha sister-in-law
You don't think you can get out of here alive today
You don't think I have no one in heaven, do you?